= cassowary

* http://github.com/sfeu/dm-rinda-adapter

== DESCRIPTION:

The dm-rinda-adapter project implements an datamapper interface for
storing records in the rinda tuple space.

The adpater has only tested with datamapper 0.10.2 so far.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

Please consider the current version as software that is still not finished.

Currently we can only say that "it works for us"...

We are using this datamapper to coordinate difefrent media and modes
of multimodal user interfaces with the Multimodal INTeraction framework (MINT).

See http://www.multi-access.de

Please not that these adapter exends the Datamapper adapter API with
a proprietary wait and notfiy functionality to reflect the idea of
a tuple space to subscribe for data changes.

== SYNOPSIS:

(sorry - we will add later)

== REQUIREMENTS:

Requires datamapper version 0.10.2, see http://datamapper.org

== INSTALL:

sudo gem install dm-rindap-adapter

== LICENSE:

Licensed under the Lesser/Library GPL v2.1 or any version above.

Copyright (c) 2011 Sebastian Feuerstack

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

